Hey it's Andre here.
Before we move on I want to make sure that we understand some of the files and also what we did in the
previous video with some conflicts that we had especially installing notes says what really happened
there.
First off when we start a project we always have a node modules folder that comes built in with create
reactor.
Now this node module folder is quite massive as you can see we have a ton of packages.
These are all the libraries that create react app uses underneath the hood.
Remember the react scripts.
If we go all the way down to package Doug Jason you see that we have all these dependencies but all
of them are using the script star J.S. like so now e who are uses yarn versus what I use which is NPM
and you see over here that we have different versions instead of our yarn log file for example have
the package log file so why you use is up to you the key thing to remember is that node modules contains
not only all the libraries that we're going to install throughout the course but also libraries that
create react app uses underneath the hood like the just package which allows us to do some testing.
Now the thing is all these packages seems like a lot.
And what Cory react app tries to do is to create an IDC like environment that is it allows us to do
testing lending and all these things.
And most of these packages are only used during development when we actually ship our code and we build
our code.
Most of these packages won't make it through only the code that is absolutely needed for the app and
not for development are going to be included in this bill.
So some people complain that you know modules folder is way too big but at the end of the day it's big
because create react app tries to make our environment for developing apps pleasant.
Now the issue that we saw with node sass happened because of this package just but let's talk about
that a little bit more because as you develop apps as you work with react you're going to encounter
this issues of dependency and dependency management between libraries is a big problem.
So
react since version 2.0 comes with SAS support which we saw all we had to do was install notes SAS using
NPM or Yahoo.
And we're able to use SAS files so that create react app takes our SAS files convert them into C Ss
into that built folder.
But what happened when we installed this the air that you saw with e Hwa is something that you'll encounter
as you work with react.
So I'm going to show you how to better understand the issue see the first thing I would do if I encounter
a problem like that is I would google for it for example note SAS error with create racked up Babel
just conflict which was what the error we got.
And if I go to the second link here which says react scripts Babel just version conflict which sounds
like the conflict that we're having and right over here as we expected.
It's an open issue with create react out where react scripts Babel just version is complex.
And as a developer you want to start getting good at finding these issues and going to get hybrid repositories
and see if anybody else has had this issue with you.
And it looks like this person had pretty much the same issue that we saw so the beauty is that you can
actually read through this and understand why the issue is happening how you can fix it and what other
people have done if you actually scroll all the way down you can see that this issue should be resolved
when this is released so we click over here and we see that.
Yep create react app just merged on May 7th which isn't that far off from when I'm recording this video.
A fix for this so that this issue doesn't happen.
So most likely by the time you're watching this video you won't encounter this.
But I want you to start thinking in terms of if you encounter an issue most likely somebody else has
had it.
So Google it around and usually in a project like create react app you'll find open issues.
You have three hundred and three issues open right now and eighty five pull requests.
So you want to start getting good at that.
Now another thing I want to talk about is this package lock file.
If you're using your yarn.
It'll be a yarn log file.
This is used because our project most likely won't run on our computer.
Most likely we're going to.
Once we're done with the project we're going to send it off to a server somewhere.
So that project runs on a different computer when a user opens the app on a browser.
It runs on their computer.
So our code although when we code along is in our own environment on our own laptop in real life.
When people actually use your app they won't be using it from your computer.
Right.
So package lock files allow us to have consistent installs across machines so that all these dependencies
have the exact version number that they need in order for everything to work.
It's like everything is intertwined.
This file is what we use or at least what create react app use so it knows exactly what dependencies
and what thing works with what.
Just like we have Babel just that was needed for both notes apps as well as for that create react app
because both of them use it to test their code.
Now in a couple of videos we'll actually see how EA who are solves this problem another way using something
called the resolution property.
And this is something that's only specific to yours.
So if you have NPM that isn't available for you.
But again that's just something that you most likely won't encounter.
But we wanted to show you anyway remember you can always read more about these things at the Web sites
documentation.
You want to start getting really really good at debugging your own code.
Finally the last file I want to talk about is this file that we just removed which was service worker.
Now this comes pre-built with create reactor and it's mainly used for what we call progressive web apps.
And we're going to talk about that later on in the course.
Service worker file allows us to make our app what we call progressive again.
For now we don't need to worry about this but I do want to let you know that we are going to come back
to it and talk about what service worker is doing because it has some really neat features.
All right.
That's it for now.
After the next video.